 HLD high level Documentation.

 Stores Sales prediciton.
  
Contents
1. Introduction
1.1. What is Low-Level design document? 
1.2. Scope
2. Architecture
3. Architecture Description
3.1. Data Description
3.3. Data Transformation
3.6. Data Pre-processing 
3.10. Model Building
3.11. Data from User
3.12. Data Validation
3.17. Deployment
4.Tools used.
5.Cloud Platform used.
6. Libraries used.


1. Introduction 
1.1. What is Low-Level design document? 
The goal of LLD or a low-level design document (LLDD) is to give the internal logical design of the 
actual program code for Food Recommendation System. LLD describes the class diagrams with the 
methods and relations between classes and program specs. It describes the modules so that the 
programmer can directly code the program from the document.
1.2. Scope 
Low-level design (LLD) is a component-level design process that follows a step-bystep refinement process. This process can be used for designing data structures, required software 
architecture, source code and ultimately, performance algorithms. Overall, the data organization 
may be defined during requirement analysis and then refined during data design work


2. Architecture
    Start -> Data Collection -> Data Transformation -> Data Preprocessing -> Data Visualizing -> Model Building -> Pushing to cloud -> Application start -> data from user -> Prediction to user -> end.

3. Architecture Description 
 Data Description  -> Data is given in the Csv Format.
 Data Transformation -> Transformed the data in required format.
Data Pre-processing -> preprocessed the data.
Model Building  -> uded different models for prediction.
model pusing to cloud -> deploying model to cloud.
Data from User -> taking data from user.
 Data Validation
prediction.


4. Tools used.
   Pycharm used and jupyter notebook.

5. Cloud platform used.
    Heroku.

6. Libraries  uded.
   pandas 
   numpy
   seaborn
   matplotlib
   sklearn
   flask
   render templates
   request
   

Thanks
